Today we're going to start of first thought upload project and SOSIAS.
This is going to be a really fun tutorial and you'll learn a lot.
Let's get straight into it.
First of all let's launch the Visual Studio shall now select new project here on the left under business
intelligence find the integration services project option give your project a name and in terms of location
I usually use the default folder.
You're welcome to use a project folder however you might find it challenging because if the folder path
is too long you will get an error like this.
So we will stick with the default folder.
Click OK.
Get rid of this getting started window and your project is ready to go.
As you can see there are lots of different controls which may seem overwhelming at first.
Hope we won't be using all of them.
We will focus on two main things.
The middle section which is your main workspace and the Sosias tool box on the left at the top of your
main section.
You will see 5 categories.
Forget about the last three.
You will only be working with the first two control flow and data flow.
Now let's go to the toolbox and find the data flow task.
Drag it into your main working area and you have created a doubtful task Congratulations.
It's as simple as that.
All of your work in SSA S will be drag and drop.
Now if we double click on the data flow task we are taken to the data flow window.
In simple terms you can think of this as a control flow being the process that kickstarts the data flow
.
So there's a certain hierarchy between the two.
The data flow is where you will specify which files need to be uploaded and where they go.
You will start setting up all sources and destinations in the next to Tauriel